scripts/step_4/README.md, before:

This step runs a BLASTP analysis against the human PRDM family database ('data/PRDM_family_HUMAN') for every previously selected (with hmm_search) organisms and sequences. 
The results are summed up in the blastp_summary.txt file that can be found in the results/BLASTP_results directory, and is written like this:

>116153
<	1	0	0	4
XP_049821907.1	PRDM1
<	1	0	0	0
XP_019877117.2	60.1	1.0770609318996416	PRDM9

The lines starting with the '>' symbol are the taxids. Every line until the next '>' refers to the taxid (species) above.
The other lines function in pairs: 
-the first line, starting with the '<' symbol carry a boolean value  regarding the presence/absence of proteic domains. The order is SET, KRAB, SSXRD and ZF.
-the second line, with no special symbol at the start, is made of the protein ID and the blastp best match. If the best match was PRDM9, the blast bit score and the ratio with the next non-PRDM9 best match are added between the protein ID and the best match (see the example above).

Before running this step, make sure to delete or rename any existing blastp_summary.txt file, as it is created iteratively, over the course of the multiple python script executions (snakemake will run it once for each selected organism) by writing the new lines at the end of the file. If you do not delete it, you will progressively get a bigger and bigger file, with a lot of redundant information, and slow the pipeline execution.
To run this step, choose X, the number of cores to use and execute these commands :
    `rm results/BLASTP_results/blastp_summary.txt` or `mv results/BLASTP_results/blastp_summary.txt new_name`
    `snakemake -s scripts/step_4/blast.smk -cX`

Commit message:

ajout script R et correction README step 4

scripts/step_4/README.md, after:

This step runs a BLASTP analysis against the human PRDM family database ('data/PRDM_family_HUMAN') for every previously selected (with hmm_search) organisms and sequences. 
It creates 6 csv format output using the blast results and hmm_search results.
The first output, blastp_results.csv, is a table formatting of blastp_summary.txt and can be found in the same directory, results/BLASTP_results/. It was built separately for optimisation reasons. 
The five following outputs can be found in the table_results/ directory.
The second output, krab_data.csv, uses the results of hmm_search for the KRAB domain to create a table, with a line for each species shoxing their reference genome accession number, the list of their proteins having a KRAB domain, and the length of this list.
The third output, krabzf_data.csv works exactly the same but applied to the zinc finger domain. It also comes with an additionnal column, which shows the list of proteins having at least one KRAB and one ZF domains for each species.
The fourth output, zf_count.csv, uses the per domain results of hmm_search (results/{accession_number}/hmm_search/domtbl/ZF_domains_summary)  to count the total number of proteins having or more zinc finger domains for each species.
The fifth and sixth output, table_candidats_exclus.csv and table_prdm9.csv, both have the same formatting:
-the taxid of the species,
-the reference genome accession number,
-the species name,
-the number of SET doamisn found in the species proteome,
-the count of proteins with all 4 domains in the gene, and the list of the proteins names,
-the count of proteins with the KRAB, SET and SSXRD domains in the gene, and the list of the proteins names,
-the count of proteins with the KRAB, SET and ZF domains in the gene, and the list of the proteins names,
-the count of proteins with KRAB and SET domains in the gene, and the list of the proteins names.

To run this step, choose X, the number of cores to use and execute these commands :
    `snakemake -s scripts/step_4/blast.smk -cX`
